The most expensive dating mistake you'll
make is falling in love with potential.
He could be a millionaire. He could be
emotionally available. He could be nice
and generous if he healed, if he
changed. Good. That's not reality,
that's fantasy. You're not seeing him,
you are seeing a version of him that
simply does not exist outside of your
imagination. If he was that man, you
would have seen signs already.
Successful men are not successful
because they could be. They are
consistent, disciplined. They lead in
business and in relationships. So, if he
doesn't have those qualities now, he
probably never will and you're not
waiting, you're hoping and hope is
expensive. If he wanted to be that man,
he already would.